hello out there to everybody in YouTube
this is Jeff Grossman again I've been
itching to do another video for a while
now well this time I'm gonna do another
Bugs Bunny cartoon from rabbit every
Monday which was also in the Bugs
Bunny's Thanksgiving diet special but
this time instead of using a character
that I have a easy time doing liked as
we would be doing Yosemite Sam who was
actually in rabbit every Monday part
time doing Yosemite Sam I think I
haven't done and just an announcement to
everybody who's seen my videos but isn't
a member of YouTube and able to post a
comment you can also email me at a cura
underscore driver 1/8 Agathe comm button
please only serious comments
Garret showing coyote who you're done
crazy goat why don't go crazy engine
that's my new hat sure is getting warm
in here what's stolen and start no
sermon Dan a final opening week Pink's
then get some crank patient few more
cheese EP and see if you can scare up a
few more in strays canola each coming to
meet the girls have been asking for you
boy
well here I am ready an hour ago
Eggleston I think the party's he me
Janine falling for a gig like
I warm up the party a little for him I
couldn't do anything alone Nimrod come
on out me it's all just a gig
what party yeah I don't ask questions
hey fun and that was rabbit every Monday
where Yosemite Sam tries to cook Bugs
Bunny but turns out there was a party
after all
well I hope you like that and I'm gonna
have some more YouTube videos ready for
you soon and please let me know what you
think but if you're gonna send one via
email please make sure that it's a
serious mmm that you're actually being
serious and not just for a joke okay
thank you very much this is Jeff
Grossman signing off for now